georgia won’t let us look at the all important signature match. without that the recount is meaningless. open up unconstitutional consent decree, now! @briankempga
stock market getting very close to 30,000 on new vaccine news. 95% effective!
the radical left democrats, working with their partner, the fake news media, are trying to steal this election. we won’t let them!
who will be running for governor of the great state of ohio? will be hotly contested!
why does the fake news media continuously assume that joe biden will ascend to the presidency, not even allowing our side to show, which we are just getting ready to do, how badly shattered and violated our great constitution has been in the 2020 election. it was attacked,..
we won’t let a rigged election steal our country!
he only won in the eyes of the fake news media. i concede nothing! we have a long way to go. this was a rigged election!
he won because the election was rigged. no vote watchers or observers allowed, vote tabulated by a radical left privately owned company, dominion, with a bad reputation &amp; bum equipment that couldn’t even qualify for texas (which i won by a lot!), the fake &amp; silent media, &amp; more!
doing a great job in georgia. their recount is a scam, means nothing. must see fraudulent signatures which is prohibited by stupidly signed &amp; unconstitutional consent decree. @briankempga
the fake news media hardly even discussed the tens of thousands of people that came to d.c. formed organically, and in many parts of the country!
the silent media is the enemy of the people!!!
human radical left garbage did this. being arrested now!
there is tremendous evidence of wide spread voter fraud in that there is irrefutable proof that our republican poll watchers and observers were not allowed to be present in poll counting rooms. michigan, pennsylvania, georgia and others. unconstitutional!
they wouldn’t let our poll watchers and observers into the counting rooms. we win on that alone!
hundreds of thousands of people showing their support in d.c. they will not stand for a rigged and corrupt election!
people are not going to stand for having this election stolen from them by a privately owned radical left company, dominion, and many other reasons!
congress must now do a covid relief bill. needs democrats support. make it big and focused. get it done!
“the worst thing you can do is bet against donald trump, considering what has been done against him. they flooded the zone with mail-in ballots. we need every vote counted, and ferociously.” @petehegseth @seanhannity
georgia secretary of state, a so-called republican (rino), won’t let the people checking the ballots see the signatures for fraud. why? without this the whole process is very unfair and close to meaningless. everyone knows that we won the state. where is @briankempga?
will be having a press conference from the rose garden in 15 minutes.
now it is learned that the horrendous dominion voting system was used in arizona (and big in nevada). no wonder the result was a very close loss!
for years the dems have been preaching how unsafe and rigged our elections have been. now they are saying what a wonderful job the trump administration did in making 2020 the most secure election ever. actually this is true, except for what the democrats did. rigged election!
these states in question should immediately be put in the trump win column. biden did not win, he lost by a lot!
nobody wants to report that pennsylvania and michigan didn’t allow our poll watchers and/or vote observers to watch or observe. this is responsible for hundreds of thousands of votes that should not be allowed to count. therefore, i easily win both states. report the news!
everyone is asking why the recent presidential polls were so inaccurate when it came to me. because they are fake, just like much of the lamestream media!
people will not accept this rigged election!
he should pay a big price for his subversion!
that’s why mike was number one in his class at west point!
ballot corruption will be exposed tonight at 9:00pme on @seanhannity on @foxnews!
pennsylvania party leadership votes are this week. i hope they pick very tough and smart fighters. we will win!!
watch for massive ballot counting abuse and, just like the early vaccine, remember i told you so!
if joe biden were president, you wouldn’t have the vaccine for another four years, nor would the @us_fda have ever approved it so quickly. the bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives!
this is good news, it means i won! cc: @repdougcollins @secretarysonny
georgia will be a big presidential win, as it was the night of the election!
wisconsin is looking very good. needs a little time statutorily. will happen soon! @reince @seanduffywi
nevada is turning out to be a cesspool of fake votes. @mschlapp &amp; @adamlaxalt are finding things that, when released, will be absolutely shocking!
watch @marklevinshow at 8:00 p.m. will discuss the mail-in ballot hoax!
...and detroit with a long series of election problems (to put it mildly).” @jonathanturley
big press conference today in philadelphia at four seasons total landscaping — 11:30am!
tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 p.m. on tuesday, election day, totally and easily changing the results in pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states. as a separate matter, hundreds of thousands of votes were illegally not allowed to be observed...
where are the missing military ballots in georgia? what happened to them?
with the attack by the radical left dems on the republican senate, the presidency becomes even more important!
twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of section 230!
so now the democrats are working to gain control of the u.s. senate through their actions on john james, david perdue, and more. would end the filibuster, “life”, 2a, and would pack and rotate the court. presidency becomes even more important. we will win!
all of the recent biden claimed states will be legally challenged by us for voter fraud and state election fraud. plenty of proof - just check out the media. we will win! america first!
any vote that came in after election day will not be counted!
our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? the damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the presidential election itself. this is what should be discussed!
we are winning pennsylvania big, but the pa secretary of state just announced that there are “millions of ballots left to be counted.”
wow! it looks like michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, john james, out of the u.s. senate. what a terrible thing is happening!
they are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in pennsylvania disappear — asap. likewise, michigan and others!
they are finding biden votes all over the place — in pennsylvania, wisconsin, and michigan. so bad for our country!
how come every time they count mail-in ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?
we are up big, but they are trying to steal the election. we will never let them do it. votes cannot be cast after the polls are closed!
we are looking really good all over the country. thank you!
get out &amp; vote! under my administration, our economy is growing at the fastest rate ever at 33.1%. next year will be the greatest economic year in american history! find your polling place below.
a parade for me in nigeria, a great honor!
