ignoring tweet (too few valid characters): rt @danscavino: 🇺🇸🦅
ignoring tweet (too few valid characters): rt @victoriafromdtx: 👇🏼👇🏼👇🏼
ignoring tweet (too few valid characters): rt @erictrump: 🚨🚨
the rate of rejected mail-in ballots is 30 x’s lower in pennsylvania this year than it was in 2016. this is why they kept our poll watchers and observers out of the “sacred” vote counting rooms!
georgia won’t let us look at the all important signature match. without that the recount is meaningless. open up unconstitutional consent decree, now! @briankempga
european countries are sadly getting clobbered by the china virus. the fake news does not like reporting this!
stock market getting very close to 30,000 on new vaccine news. 95% effective!
they will pack the courts. we won’t let that happen!
the radical left democrats, working with their partner, the fake news media, are trying to steal this election. we won’t let them!
trump campaign rejects media reports of changed pennsylvania case via @breitbartnews. just more fake news. harassment and exclusion of our poll watchers is a big part of our case. unconstitutional!
who will be running for governor of the great state of ohio? will be hotly contested!
another vaccine just announced. this time by moderna, 95% effective. for those great “historians”, please remember that these great discoveries, which will end the china plague, all took place on my watch!
try watching @oann. really great!
the fake recount going on in georgia means nothing because they are not allowing signatures to be looked at and verified. break the unconstitutional consent decree!
i won the election!
i strongly stand with kelly &amp; david. they are both great and must win!
rt @realderekutley: trump supporters as far as you can see at freedom plaza
rt @mrandyngo: blm-antifa thugs are running around and beating people on the streets in dc. video by @venturareport:
rt @andrewpollackfl: would you ever hear biden supporters saying this? #millionmagamarch
rt @dineshdsouza: hey @joebiden, are you going to denounce this?
dominion is running our election. rigged!
thank you andrew!
rt @gnmy1938: @catturd2 @gatewaypundit have changed to newsmax and oan . they are so much better
most fraudulent election in history!
this is crazy!
no way!
rt @timmurtaugh: in 2012, the @nytimes was very concerned about fraud in mail-in voting.
the washington post forgot to read the complaint. fake news. poll watchers, and the way they were treated, are a very big deal in the complaint!
i won the election!
....owned dominion voting systems, turned down by texas and many others because it was not good or secure, those responsible for the safeguarding of our constitution cannot allow the fake results of the 2020 mail-in election to stand. the world is watching!
....perhaps like never before! from large numbers of poll watchers that were thrown out of vote counting rooms in many of our states, to millions of ballots that have been altered by democrats, only for democrats, to voting after the election was over, to using radical left
why does the fake news media continuously assume that joe biden will ascend to the presidency, not even allowing our side to show, which we are just getting ready to do, how badly shattered and violated our great constitution has been in the 2020 election. it was attacked,..
a great launch! @nasa was a closed up disaster when we took over. now it is again the “hottest”, most advanced, space center in the world, by far!
many of the court cases being filed all over the country are not ours, but rather those of people that have seen horrible abuses. our big cases showing the unconstitutionality of the 2020 election, &amp; the outrage of things that were done to change the outcome, will soon be filed!
spirit like never before!
amazing!
rt @danscavino:
we won’t let a rigged election steal our country!
watch: d.c. cops direct trump-supporters into gauntlet of protesters, do nothing when they are assaulted via @breitbartnews. these thugs and lowlifes only stalked and attacked when most of the tens of thousands of people had left town. ran away earlier!
great job emily!
john bolton was one of the dumbest people in government that i’ve had the “pleasure” to work with. a sullen, dull and quiet guy, he added nothing to national security except, “gee, let’s go to war.” also, illegally released much classified information. a real dope!
rudy will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo at 10:00 a.m. now!
progress!
he only won in the eyes of the fake news media. i concede nothing! we have a long way to go. this was a rigged election!
rigged election. we will win!
rt @greggjarrett: in russia hoax probe, fired fbi deputy director mccabe gives ludicrous defense of misconduct
rt @greggjarrett: jarrett: eyewitnesses and sworn affidavits are evidence in a court of law’
rt @greggjarrett: pa postal worker battling wapo, democrats on coming forward as usps whistleblower
rt @greggjarrett: justice alito: pandemic resulted in previously unimaginable restrictions on individual liberty’
rt @greggutfeldshow: watch: greg's latest monologue. #gutfeld
watch @rudygiuliani interview on @mariabartiromo this morning at 10:00. doing a great job exposing the rigged election hoax!
all of the mechanical “glitches” that took place on election night were really them getting caught trying to steal votes. they succeeded plenty, however, without getting caught. mail-in elections are a sick joke!
he won because the election was rigged. no vote watchers or observers allowed, vote tabulated by a radical left privately owned company, dominion, with a bad reputation &amp; bum equipment that couldn’t even qualify for texas (which i won by a lot!), the fake &amp; silent media, &amp; more!
doing a great job in georgia. their recount is a scam, means nothing. must see fraudulent signatures which is prohibited by stupidly signed &amp; unconstitutional consent decree. @briankempga
this is why @foxnews daytime and weekend daytime have lost their ratings. they are abysmal having @alfredenewman1 (mayor pete of indiana’s most unsuccessful city, by far!) on more than republicans. many great alternatives are forming &amp; exist. try @oann &amp; @newsmax, among others!
tax filings reveal biden cancer charity spent millions on salaries, zero on research via @nypost
thank you mark, but the fake news media will never say it!
rt @danscavino:
the fake news media hardly even discussed the tens of thousands of people that came to d.c. formed organically, and in many parts of the country!
thank you mollie. the free and fair press is gone in our country. they only write about what they want to write about. suppression!
the silent media is the enemy of the people!!!
human radical left garbage did this. being arrested now!
rt @ingrahamangle: this is news.
radical left antifa scum was easily rebuffed today by the big d.c. maga rally crowd, only to return at night, after 99% of the crowd had left, to assault elderly people and families. police got there, but late. mayor is not doing her job!
antifa scum ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the trump rally, because those people aggressively fought back. antifa waited until tonight, when 99% were gone, to attack innocent #maga people. dc police, get going — do your job and don’t hold back!!!
i look forward to mayor giuliani spearheading the legal effort to defend our right to free and fair elections! rudy giuliani, joseph digenova, victoria toensing, sidney powell, and jenna ellis, a truly great team, added to our other wonderful lawyers and representatives!
there is tremendous evidence of wide spread voter fraud in that there is irrefutable proof that our republican poll watchers and observers were not allowed to be present in poll counting rooms. michigan, pennsylvania, georgia and others. unconstitutional!
rt @realdonaldtrump:
.@foxnews and the fake news networks aren’t showing these massive gatherings. instead they have their reporters standing in almost empty streets. we now have suppression by the press. maga!
rt @danscavino: 11/14/2020 - washington, d.c. #marchfortrump #maga
thank you dan!
rt @realdonaldtrump: hundreds of thousands of people showing their support in d.c. they will not stand for a rigged and corrupt election!
they wouldn’t let our poll watchers and observers into the counting rooms. we win on that alone!
rt @realdonaldtrump:
the hand recount taking place in georgia is a waste of time. they are not showing the matching signatures. call off the recount until they allow the match. don’t let the radical left dems steal the election!
hundreds of thousands of people showing their support in d.c. they will not stand for a rigged and corrupt election!
we will win!
people are not going to stand for having this election stolen from them by a privately owned radical left company, dominion, and many other reasons!
....we cannot waste time and can only give to those states that will use the vaccine immediately. therefore the new york delay. many lives to be saved, but we are ready when they are. stop playing politics!
i love new york! as everyone knows, the trump administration has produced a great and safe vaccine far ahead of schedule. another administration would have taken five years. the problem is, @nygovcuomo said that he will delay using it, and other states want it now...
congress must now do a covid relief bill. needs democrats support. make it big and focused. get it done!
....what are they trying to hide. they know, and so does everyone else. expose the crime!
the consent decree signed by the georgia secretary of state, with the approval of governor @briankempga, at the urging of @staceyabrams, makes it impossible to check &amp; match signatures on ballots and envelopes, etc. they knew they were going to cheat. must expose real signatures!
republican burgess owens defeats democrat rep. ben mcadams in utah via @breitbartnews great going burgess, you continue to be a star!
rt @julie_kelly2: one of the hardest working happy warriors out there is my friend @cortessteve
highly rated!
top us pollster and statistician richard baris — people's pundit — suspended from twitter for reporting on disputed election — political 'wrongthink' not allowed via said 10,000 dead people voted in michigan. when will this rigged election be overturned!
rt @gop: “operation warp speed is unequaled and unrivaled anywhere in the world.”—@realdonaldtrump
rt @gop: “this is 5 times faster than the fastest prior vaccine development in history.”—@realdonaldtrump
rt @danscavino:
rt @danscavino:
rt @danscavino:
rt @danscavino:
rt @danscavino:
wow. this is exactly what happened to us. great courage by judge!
“the worst thing you can do is bet against donald trump, considering what has been done against him. they flooded the zone with mail-in ballots. we need every vote counted, and ferociously.” @petehegseth @seanhannity
rt @repdougcollins:
georgia secretary of state, a so-called republican (rino), won’t let the people checking the ballots see the signatures for fraud. why? without this the whole process is very unfair and close to meaningless. everyone knows that we won the state. where is @briankempga?
700,000 ballots were not allowed to be viewed in philadelphia and pittsburgh which means, based on our great constitution, we win the state of pennsylvania!
“victor joecks: clark county election officials accepted my signature — on 8 ballot envelopes”
rt @whitehouse: live: president @realdonaldtrump delivers an update on operation warp speed
will be having a press conference from the rose garden in 15 minutes.
now it is learned that the horrendous dominion voting system was used in arizona (and big in nevada). no wonder the result was a very close loss!
heartwarming to see all of the tremendous support out there, especially the organic rallies that are springing up all over the country, including a big one on saturday in d.c. i may even try to stop by and say hello. this election was rigged, from dominion all the way up &amp; down!
for years the dems have been preaching how unsafe and rigged our elections have been. now they are saying what a wonderful job the trump administration did in making 2020 the most secure election ever. actually this is true, except for what the democrats did. rigged election!
alito: religious liberty is in danger of becoming a second-class right via @breitbartnews
fitton: 2020 election update via @breitbartnews
these states in question should immediately be put in the trump win column. biden did not win, he lost by a lot!
must see @seanhannity takedown of the horrible, inaccurate and anything but secure dominion voting system which is used in states where tens of thousands of votes were stolen from us and given to biden. likewise, the great @loudobbs has a confirming and powerful piece!
“report: dominion deleted 2.7 million trump votes nationwide. data analysis finds 221,000 pennsylvania votes switched from president trump to biden. 941,000 trump votes deleted. states using dominion voting systems switched 435,000 votes from trump to biden.” @chanelrion @oann
.@foxnews daytime ratings have completely collapsed. weekend daytime even worse. very sad to watch this happen, but they forgot what made them successful, what got them there. they forgot the golden goose. the biggest difference between the 2016 election, and 2020, was @foxnews!
rt @gwashington1788: @oseanessytweet @greggutfeld fox has been completely unfair and untruthful. moving to newsmax.
rt @shawnaz145: @oseanessytweet @greggutfeld newsmax and oann are great alternatives
rt @nbartovic: @oseanessytweet @greggutfeld hey old fox news lovers... go to newsmax... last least they are trying to be honest
rt @wvtruthseeker1: @oseanessytweet @greggutfeld suit yourself left fox 4 newsmaxxxxx
rt @charlesrutled18: @oseanessytweet @greggutfeld #foxnews is dead
rt @jdangelo37: @oseanessytweet @greggutfeld his response says everything. newsmax and oann are all we got for now
rt @greggutfeld: this brilliant point underlies the driving force of this election, and why so many are so suspicious.
100% correct!
rt @realdonaldtrump: we are making big progress. results start to come in next week. make america great again!
rt @trumpstudents: glitch after glitch after glitch in the voting system and they all skew for biden 
rt @dc_draino: fox news ratings dropping lower than biden’s gpa
so beautiful!
rigged election! thanks ryan.
thank you scott, and stay tuned. you are terrific!
now 73,000,000 votes!
“ok, i’ve seen enough. what’s going to happen to these guys (mccabe, comey &amp; the gang of treasonous thugs)? @senjohnkennedy @mariabartiromo @thejusticedept they, and many others, got caught. do something!!!
from 200,000 votes to less than 10,000 votes. if we can audit the total votes cast, we will easily win arizona also!
big jim is the greatest!
it took long enough! what is taking north carolina so long? are they looking for more ballots to fix that one also? now with a recount, we will win georgia also. pennsylvania &amp; michigan wouldn’t let our poll watchers &amp; observers into counting rooms. illegal!
it attempted to alter our election and got caught?
now 73,000,000 legal votes!
rt @jonvoight: we all know the truth
nobody wants to report that pennsylvania and michigan didn’t allow our poll watchers and/or vote observers to watch or observe. this is responsible for hundreds of thousands of votes that should not be allowed to count. therefore, i easily win both states. report the news!
i am pleased to announce that i have given my full support and endorsement to ronna mcdaniel to continue heading the republican national committee (rnc). with 72 million votes, we received more votes than any sitting president in u.s. history - and we will win!
everyone is asking why the recent presidential polls were so inaccurate when it came to me. because they are fake, just like much of the lamestream media!
we will win!
you are looking at ballots! is this what our country has come to?
a guy named al schmidt, a philadelphia commissioner and so-called republican (rino), is being used big time by the fake news media to explain how honest things were with respect to the election in philadelphia. he refuses to look at a mountain of corruption &amp; dishonesty. we win!
richard hopkins, pennsylvania postal worker, recants ballot-tampering claim - washington times stays with the truth, his original story.
the fake pollsters at @abc/@washingtonpost produced a possibly illegal suppression poll just before the election showing me down 17 points in wisconsin when, in fact, on election day, the race was even - &amp; we are now preparing to win the state. many such “deplorable” instances!
rt @realdonaldtrump: we will win!
rt @arthurschwartz: texas lt. gov. dan patrick offers $1 million reward for evidence of voter fraud
people will not accept this rigged election!
obama spied on our campaign - and got caught!
rt @cortessteve: the statistical case against a biden win. part 1 of 4: turnout...
i was in philadelphia watching fraud happen. here’s how it went down they shut out our poll watchers and observers. those hundreds of thousands of votes should not be allowed. corrupt politics.
a brave patriot. more &amp; more people are stepping forward to expose this rigged election!
he should pay a big price for his subversion!
thanks dan. big win for us in texas!
that’s why mike was number one in his class at west point!
andrew mccabe was exposed for who he is today in the u.s. senate. he was totally destroyed - an ignorant fool. the great people of the fbi must make sure that he and his former boss, james comey, pay the price for what they have done to the reputation of the fbi.
“i don’t care what state you’re in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” @loudobbs true, and wait until you see what’s coming!
ballot corruption will be exposed tonight at 9:00pme on @seanhannity on @foxnews!
pennsylvania party leadership votes are this week. i hope they pick very tough and smart fighters. we will win!!
nate simington, a very smart and qualified individual, is having his senate hearing today. republicans will hopefully confirm him to the fcc asap! we need action now on this very important nomination!! @senatorwicker @marshablackburn @senatemajldr
happy 245th birthday to the @usmc! #happybirthdaymarines
republicans, don’t let andrew mccabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity. what he did should never be allowed to happen to our country again. fight for justice!
highly respected ken starr: “pennsylvania’s three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a constitutional travesty.” legal scholars agree!
ballot counting abuse!
watch for massive ballot counting abuse and, just like the early vaccine, remember i told you so!
we will win!
we are making big progress. results start to come in next week. make america great again!
“only because of president trump, we are going to have a vaccine by the end of the year.” ronny jackson, texas congressman-elect
“president trump told us for some time we would be getting a vaccine by the end of the year and people laughed at him, and here we are with pfizer getting fda approval by the end of this month. he was right.” @mariabartiromo
nothing!
rt @breitbartnews: let's roll.
rt @breitbartnews: ouch.
nolte: bret baier deletes tweet that exposed backlash against fox news via @breitbartnews
rt @breitbartnews: no doubt about it.
the @us_fda and the democrats didn’t want to have me get a vaccine win, prior to the election, so instead it came out five days later  as i’ve said all along!
if joe biden were president, you wouldn’t have the vaccine for another four years, nor would the @us_fda have ever approved it so quickly. the bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives!
as i have long said, @pfizer and the others would only announce a vaccine after the election, because they didn’t have the courage to do it before. likewise, the @us_fda should have announced it earlier, not for political purposes, but for saving lives!
...the worst polling ever, and then they’ll be back in four years to do it again. this is much more then voter and campaign finance suppression!
...abc/wapo had me down 17 points in wisconsin, the day before the election, and i won! in iowa, the polls had us 4 points down, and i won by 8.2%! fox news and quinnipiac were wrong on everything...
.@foxnews, @quinnipiacpoll, abc/wapo, nbc/wsj were so inaccurate with their polls on me, that it really is tampering with an election. they were so far off in their polling, and in their attempt to suppress - that they should be called out for election interference...
this is good news, it means i won! cc: @repdougcollins @secretarysonny
rt @teamtrump: live: press conference with kayleigh mcenany and rnc chairwoman ronna mcdaniel
georgia will be a big presidential win, as it was the night of the election!
pennsylvania prevented us from watching much of the ballot count. unthinkable and illegal in this country.
wisconsin is looking very good. needs a little time statutorily. will happen soon! @reince @seanduffywi
nevada is turning out to be a cesspool of fake votes. @mschlapp &amp; @adamlaxalt are finding things that, when released, will be absolutely shocking!
the threshold identification of ballots is turning out to be even bigger than originally anticipated. a very large number of ballots are impacted. stay tuned!
...chris will do a great job! mark esper has been terminated. i would like to thank him for his service.
i am pleased to announce that christopher c. miller, the highly respected director of the national counterterrorism center (unanimously confirmed by the senate), will be acting secretary of defense, effective immediately..
rt @reuters: pfizer and biontech say their covid-19 vaccine is more than 90% effective
stock market up big, vaccine coming soon. report 90% effective. such great news!
watch @marklevinshow at 8:00 p.m. will discuss the mail-in ballot hoax!
investigators dispatched after fulton county discovers issue with ballot reporting via @breitbartnews
since when does the lamestream media call who our next president will be? we have all learned a lot in the last two weeks!
....where it mattered, they stole what they had to steal. @newtgingrich
“we believe these people are thieves. the big city machines are corrupt. this was a stolen election. best pollster in britain wrote this morning that this clearly was a stolen election, that it’s impossible to imagine that biden outran obama in some of these states.
...and detroit with a long series of election problems (to put it mildly).” @jonathanturley
....how these ballots were authenticated, because if there’s a problem in the system about authentication, that would seriously affect the entire election - and what concerns me is that we had over a hundred million mail-in ballot in cites like philladelphia...
....supreme court justice to compel them to separate ballots that were received after the legislative deadline. it required the intervention of justice alito. that’s a large group of ballots. when you talk about systemic problems, it’s about...
“we should look at the votes. we’re just beginning the tabulation stage. we should look at these allegations. we’re seeing a number of affidavits that there has been voter fraud. we have a history in this country of election problems. in pennsylvania you had an order by a...
71,000,000 legal votes. the most ever for a sitting president!
the observers were not allowed into the counting rooms. i won the election, got 71,000,000 legal votes. bad things happened which our observers were not allowed to see. never happened before. millions of mail-in ballots were sent to people who never asked for them!
i won this election, by a lot!
georgia counties using same software as michigan counties also encounter glitch’ via @breitbartnews what a total mess this “election” has been!
big press conference today in philadelphia at four seasons total landscaping — 11:30am!
people were screaming stop the count &amp; we demand transparency (as legal observers were refused admittance to count rooms)!
....bad things took place during those hours where legal transparency was viciously &amp; crudely not allowed. tractors blocked doors &amp; windows were covered with thick cardboard so that observers could not see into the count rooms. bad things happened inside. big changes took place!
....this would also change the election result in numerous states, including pennsylvania, which everyone thought was easily won on election night, only to see a massive lead disappear, without anyone being allowed to observe, for long intervals of time, what the happened...
tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 p.m. on tuesday, election day, totally and easily changing the results in pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states. as a separate matter, hundreds of thousands of votes were illegally not allowed to be observed...
rt @realdonaldtrump: incredibly stated jim!
rt @jsolomonreports: u.s. adds 638,000 jobs in october, unemployment rate drops to 6.9%, report  just the news
rt @josepheschmitz: true electoral count shows trump winning  via @newsmax
rt @paulsperry_: breaking: michigan county misdirected 1,000s of trump votes to biden
rt @dbongino: these errors only seem to ever happen in one direction. 
rt @dbongino: the polls were more wrong in 2020 than in 2016 
rt @jim_jordan: first win for election integrity!
incredibly stated jim!
“we need an explanation as to how these numbers have been running up for the last two or three days.” matthew whitaker. @eveningedit
i had such a big lead in all of these states late into election night, only to see the leads miraculously disappear as the days went by. perhaps these leads will return as our legal proceedings move forward!
joe biden should not wrongfully claim the office of the president. i could make that claim also. legal proceedings are just now beginning!
where are the missing military ballots in georgia? what happened to them?
with the attack by the radical left dems on the republican senate, the presidency becomes even more important!
....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” ken starr, former independent counsel @varneyco
....hopefully this will be corrected at the supreme court of the united states. also, these late ballots past election day are illegal, exactly what the president has been saying. the supreme court, in extraordinary circumstances,...
....legislature. they just ignored that, ignored the constitution. now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity &amp; transparency, were excluded. pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and....
“this is what we know. we have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. the governor, wolf, and the state supreme court, flagrantly violated the constitution of the u.s. the power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the
“philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @varneyco @foxbusiness
twitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of section 230!
i easily win the presidency of the united states with legal votes cast. the observers were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be illegal votes. u.s. supreme court should decide!
so now the democrats are working to gain control of the u.s. senate through their actions on john james, david perdue, and more. would end the filibuster, “life”, 2a, and would pack and rotate the court. presidency becomes even more important. we will win!
news conference at 6:30 p.m.
stop the fraud!
all of the recent biden claimed states will be legally challenged by us for voter fraud and state election fraud. plenty of proof - just check out the media. we will win! america first!
big legal win in pennsylvania!
rt @realdonaldtrump: stop the count!
jobless claims dip to 751,000, lowest since march via @breitbartnews
fmr nv ag laxalt: no question trump would have won nevada convincingly without mail-in voting via @breitbartnews
any vote that came in after election day will not be counted!
stop the count!
detroit absentee ballot counting chaos, blocked windows and observers via @breitbartnews
demands arise for pa attorney general to step aside via @breitbartnews
our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? the damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the presidential election itself. this is what should be discussed!
.....there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported!
we have claimed, for electoral vote purposes, the commonwealth of pennsylvania (which won’t allow legal observers) the state of georgia, and the state of north carolina, each one of which has a big trump lead. additionally, we hereby claim the state of michigan if, in fact,.....
we are winning pennsylvania big, but the pa secretary of state just announced that there are “millions of ballots left to be counted.”
wow! it looks like michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, john james, out of the u.s. senate. what a terrible thing is happening!
they are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in pennsylvania disappear — asap. likewise, michigan and others!
they are finding biden votes all over the place — in pennsylvania, wisconsin, and michigan. so bad for our country!
what is this all about?
how come every time they count mail-in ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?
last night i was leading, often solidly, in many key states, in almost all instances democrat run &amp; controlled. then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted. very strange, and the “pollsters” got it completely &amp; historically wrong!
rt @teamtrump: live: president donald j trump
we are up big, but they are trying to steal the election. we will never let them do it. votes cannot be cast after the polls are closed!
i will be making a statement tonight. a big win!
we are looking really good all over the country. thank you!
get out &amp; vote! under my administration, our economy is growing at the fastest rate ever at 33.1%. next year will be the greatest economic year in american history! find your polling place below.
rt @realdonaldtrump:
rt @realdonaldtrump:
rt @realdonaldtrump:
rt @realdonaldtrump:
rt @realdonaldtrump:
rt @barstoolnewsn: the amish are not playing around today
a parade for me in nigeria, a great honor!
this tweet from @realdonaldtrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. learn more.
rt @pastordscott: vote trump!!!!!!
thank you matt!
rt @gop: “let’s make america great again and re-elect our fantastic president!” -@gopchairwoman
