take a look back at some of the 2017 political moments that are sure to melt the heart
follow the new year around the world #CNNNYE
president trump says he wants to fix "the injustice of high drug prices." but can he?
the FBI has issued a rare public warning that expresses “grave concerns” over the nunes memo, saying there are “material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo’s accuracy”
US secretary of state mike pompeo is holdinga press conference after meeting with senior north korean official kim yong Chol Watch live on CNN:
how a surge of progressive energy could backfire on democrats in california
historically black colleges and universities are really only connected by one thing, the black struggle to greatly improve our circumstances in this country, writes @WKamauBell for @CNNOpinion
southwest airlines comes under fire after an agent asks a mom to "prove" biracial child is hers
A manitoba man has been charged with three counts of impaired driving causing death after three boys were hit by a car on the nisichawayasihk cree nation. @elishadacey
iran continues to preserve and expand its nuclear weapons program, says israeli PM benjamin netanyahu
A new report says the key to motivating everybody to reduce their waste is to provide financial incentives. @mle_chung
human body discovered inside wall of public washroom at downtown calgary mall
his mother ran toward him, her heart racing. "I cried and hugged him — but he didn't even care. he stood there frozen," she recalled.
watch this week’s episode of “Internetting with amanda hess,” as she talks about the rise of the fembot
find the full ohio special election results here
virtually every scientist and forest management expert agreed that president trump's tweet about the california wildfires was scientifically and factually inaccurate
current kansas secretary of state and republican candidate for governor kris kobach declares a "tentative victory." he holds a razor-thin lead.
breaking news: president trump’s lawyers rejected robert mueller’s latest terms for an interview in the russia investigation and are seeking a narrower scope
what it's like to be a servant in saudi arabia from @1843mag
the election of donald trump and brexit were the result of divisive "culture wars"? join the debate at the #OpenFuture event in new york
republicans should be concerned about the more than 60 seats that are less red than ohio's 12th
how will democrats and republicans fare in the american mid-term elections?
some 2 billion of the world’s 7.3 billion people do not have enough to eat, according to the UN
what's the one thing you would change to build a more open world? enter our #OpenFuture video contest and you could win a trip to new york, london or hong kong
what's the secret to writing a pop song? the economist asks bjorn ulvaeus of ABBA
who's had a week to forget, or a week to remember?
italian police say at least 56 people have been injured and a bridge has partially collapsed following a major explosion on a highway near the northern city of bologna.
most of the hiring in the U.S. during trump's presidency has occurred in bastions of democratic voters, an AP analysis finds.
BREAKING: disaster agency official tells indonesian TV that death toll in lombok earthquake rises to 39.
A strong earthquake has struck indonesia's popular tourist island of lombok, one week after another quake in the same area killed more than a dozen people.
the latest: federal judge in seattle issues temporary restraining order to stop release of blueprints to make untraceable and undetectable 3D-printed plastic guns.
eight states sue trump administration over its decision to allow a texas company to publish downloadable blueprints for a plastic, 3D-printed gun.
the latest: fire official says northern california wildfire is now the 9th most destructive in state history.
don't miss our politics podcast, @APgroundgame . we're talking about how @realDonaldTrump 's tariffs are putting otherwise loyal republicans in a tight spot in trade-dependent states like tennessee. subscribe and review it here: or
more than 100 people said they fell ill after eating at a chipotle restaurant in ohio, sending down shares of the burrito chain via @ReutersTV
kelly to stay on as trump's white house chief of staff until 2020 via @ReutersTV
where is trump headed with his tougher policy toward iran?
A man in the UK found the largest gold nugget in british waters in 500 years. @RenitaDYoung explains why in this week's #GoldWatch, see more from @ReutersTV
asked if the press is the enemy of the people, sarah sanders says ‘the president has made his comments clear’
